Young Sect Master, we are almost at Qingzhou Mansion
There are only 2,000 miles left from the Hanging One Palace
It's getting late
Why don't you just rest here tonight?
2,000 miles that counts
It has entered the vision range of the hanging palace
My eyes are watching me more than gradually
Let him go.
Fortunately, I will stop talking when I am on my way.
Now he is also in the jade martial arts
Although the New Year's Day attack is still like the pen of Cloud Gate
Fortunately, the sword intent of the common people in my body
9 have been brewed
It can be regarded as barely capable of fighting
OK
Rest here for a day
Huo Lingzi meets the Supreme Elder
Jiang Qi reports that Supreme Elder Han Yang has arrived in Qingzhou
How do we prepare?
Eight thousand miles in two months
This person is in a hurry to die
Whether to start our case in Qinzhou
Start it up, it's Joe Punishment Dajie
Or do the rights no longer have to be left behind?
If he can't even enter the foot of the mountain with a ray of light
He is not qualified to let the Supreme Elder kill him
Yes